Clarify a number of points. (#2)
lsst/rtn-073: index.rst

.. abstract::

Data must be embargoed after arriving at the USDF - for 30 days in

> Commissioning prior to First Look and 80 hours thereafter.  What rules will we impose on accessing data during that period?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commissioning prior to System First Light, and 80 hours thereafter.  What rules will we impose on accessing data during that period?
```

Reviewer: Although note that DMTN-199 has not been amended to include this yet.
